# MidiBridge

This project consists of several versions of the same algorithm, which can transfer files (or other data) via MIDI SysEx to and from a connected MIDI device running the same algorithm. Currently supported platforms are:

- Python 3
- JavaScript

## API

TODO

## Protocol

TODO

### Error Handling

## Python 3 

This is compatible with CircuitPython and MicroPython for usage on microcontrollers. Just copy the file pymidibridge.py into your lib folder. Usage is as follows:

TODO

### Unit Tests

For running the tests, first run the docker container. From the project folder, run these commands in a shell:

```console
cd python/test
./docker-run
```

The docker image is now built, the container is started and you get a prompt from a bash session inside the container. There, run the tests:

```console
/project/test/run
```


The python port is the only one that generates the reference files in python/test/data, which ensure cross platform compatibility. To regenerate them, just delete the old ones and run the tests again. All other tests use these files to verify their processing is correct.

## JavaScript

TODO

### Unit Tests

The JS test suite is built using Jasmine standalone. There is a docker container hosting an apache2 server which runs the tests, with access to all reference data etc.

```console
cd js/test
docker compose up -d
```

Then open your browser and call http://localhost which will show you the Jasmine test runner.

**NOTE: The JS tests rely on the test reference data generated by the python port.**


## License

(C) Thomas Weber 2024 tom-vibrant@gmx.de

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Donate

If you use and like the application, please consider donating to support open source development: <a href="https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/page-not-found?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=6WHW7WRXSGQXY" target="_blank">Donate</a> Thanks a lot for appreciating the big efforts to create a fully tested library free of charge.




